Update naming from data management and analytics scenario to cloud-scale analytics (#288)
Azure/data-management-zone: docs/guidance/DataManagementAnalytics-SelfHostedCiCdAgents.md

# Self-hosted CI/CD Agents

> The Cloud-Scale Analytics Scenario (DMA) reference implementation uses a multi-layered security approach to overcome common data exfiltration risks raised by customers and builds on top of existing network security considerations provided by the [Enterprise-Scale Landing Zones reference design](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cloud-adoption-framework/ready/enterprise-scale/network-topology-and-connectivity). One of the security layers in DMA is focussed on the networking configuration and proposes network isolation as a security construct to reduce the attack surface and exfiltration risk within a customer tenant. The network isolation within the data platform is mainly accomplished through the usage of Private Endpoints and the blocking of public network traffic through the configuration of service specific firewalls. All these design considerations are very important from a security standpoint to overcome the much discussed data exfiltration risk. However, all of this also comes at the cost of increased complexity when Data Product teams start deploying solutions into their environments through CI/CD pipelines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Cloud-Scale Analytics Scenario (CSA) reference implementation uses a multi-layered security approach to overcome common data exfiltration risks raised by customers and builds on top of existing network security considerations provided by the [Enterprise-Scale Landing Zones reference design](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cloud-adoption-framework/ready/enterprise-scale/network-topology-and-connectivity). One of the security layers in CSA is focused on the networking configuration and proposes network isolation as a security construct to reduce the attack surface and exfiltration risk within a customer tenant. The network isolation within the data platform is mainly accomplished through the usage of Private Endpoints and the blocking of public network traffic through the configuration of service specific firewalls. All these design considerations are very important from a security standpoint to overcome the much discussed data exfiltration risk. However, all of this also comes at the cost of increased complexity when Data Product teams start deploying solutions into their environments through CI/CD pipelines.
```
